Feature/ab#259 projectbuilder documentation (#319)
starwit/lj-projectbuilder: docs/installation/prerequisites-installation.md

[Back](../README.md)

## Prerequisites Installation

> In the description below, the following prerequisites are installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the description below, the following prerequisites should be installed:
```

> * github account to login to projectbuilder

Reviewer: Is this a requirement?

* Java 14 or later
* Maven 3
* NodeJs with NPM (version 8.3.2) - [NodeJS Install](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/)

> * docker (Version 20.10.8 or higher) and docker compose (version 1.29.2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Docker (Version 20.10.8 or higher) and docker-compose (version 1.29.2)
```

> * docker (Version 20.10.8 or higher) and docker compose (version 1.29.2)

Reviewer: Is there a reason why 20.10.8 is given?

Reviewer: Ne, aber die Version sieht mir als min requirement aus der Luft gegriffen aus. Es könnte ja auch eine vorher gehen

Reviewer: Würde dann wenn schreiben, dass es mit der Version getestet wurde, aber nicht ein min requirement ist

* hint: if not using docker-compose scripts, mariaDB 10.6 is needed

**Recommended:**

* linux operating system

> * Visual Studio Code

Reviewer: Or IntelliJ? I do not know if VSCode should be here....

Reviewer: So wie oben - würde ich eher als ein Vorschlag nehmen. Du hast ja keine VSCode spezifischen Einstellungen in dem Projekt

Author: > So wie oben - würde ich eher als ein Vorschlag nehmen. Du hast ja keine VSCode spezifischen Einstellungen in dem Projekt

Das empfehle ich noch viel mehr...vs code hat eine recht hohe Bekanntheit

> The installation steps are only described for Linux Mint or Ubuntu. If you are using another operation system, you have to adjust your installation by your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation steps are only described for Linux Mint or Ubuntu. If you are using another operating system, you have to adjust your installation on your own.
```
